# EdwardMapp_HW

Live demo of site: https://edwardmapp.github.io/TheCinemaDispatch/

For the general structure of the site, I had a fairly solid idea of how I was hoping for the site to look. As I progressed, I did make some changes, such as the choice to add a gradient background towards the top of the site, as well as the film projector icon placed in front of it. I also decided to integrate the trailer links within the carousels, rather than my original plan to create cards separate from the carousels. The main challenges I faced were finding ways to account for mobile, since the text had heavy formatting issues when switching to mobile view. The text would often overcrowd the carousels, and even be cut off by the borders of the images. Much experimenting and altering had to be done with each of the media views on order to avoid these formatting problems for mobile. From this project, I think the main takeaway was that newer ideas will always pop up throughout the process, often unexpectedly, which will lead to shifts in the process or lengthy tangents. Style choices were often pondered on and changed overtime, such as the font styles, the backgrounds, or the structure of the carousels. Much of the bootstrap components were usful in executing my ideas for the final, and was relatively simple to catch on to. Ideas would often spawn from learning more about these components, and benefitted in being able to assess how to structure the site. If I had more time or tools, I would likely have added more films in the carousel entries, more carousels for other months, as well as more components that provide information on posters or set images.